TabStrip: Docs for Visible and PersistContent parameters. Refactoring the current docs (#619)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/tabstrip/persist-content.md

---
title: Persist Content
page_title: TabStrip Persist Content
description: Persist Content of the TabStrip for Blazor.
slug: tabstrip-persist-content
tags: telerik,blazor,tab,strip,tabstrip,overview
published: True
position: 13
---

# Persist Content

> By default, the content of the TabStrip is rendered in the DOM when the Tab is active. Once it is deactivated, its content is disposed and re-initialized again when the user selects the corresponding tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the content of a Tab is rendered in the DOM when this Tab is active. Once it is deactivated, its content is disposed and re-initialized again when the user selects the corresponding tab.
```

> If you want to change this behavior and keep the TabStrip content in the DOM while the user browses through the tabs, you can achieve that by enabling the `PersistContent` parameter the TabStrip exposes. It takes a `bool` and when set to `true`, the TabStrip content of the inactive tabs will be preserved and only hidden with CSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To keep the Tab content in the DOM at all times, set the `PersistContent` boolean attribute of the TabStrip to `true`. In this way the inactive TabStrip content will be hidden with CSS.
```

---
title: Persist Content
page_title: Persist Content
description: Persist Content of the TabStrip for Blazor.
slug: tabstrip-persist-content
tags: telerik,blazor,tab,strip,tabstrip,overview
published: True
position: 10
---

# Persist Content

> By default, the content of the TabStrip is rendered in the DOM when the Tab is active. Once it loses focus, its content is disposed and re-initialized again when the user selects the corresponding tab.

Reviewer 2: deactivated, loss of focus implies something like blurring an input inside it

Author: Updated

> If you want to change this behavior and keep the TabStrip content in the DOM while the user browses through the tabs, you can achieve that by enabling the `PersistContent` parameter the TabStrip exposes. It takes a `bool` and when set to `true`, the TabStrip content of the inactive tabs will be preserved and only hidden with CSS.

Reviewer 2: add a paragraph to note that this will initialize all tabs on initialization of the tab strip, which is not the case before

Author: It will not initialize all tabs' content on initialization. The behavior will be kept as before - only the active tab (if any) will be initialized, others will be initialized when activated but not disposed when deactivated.
